hey it's me diamond dollz with Facebook
and this is a list of my room
yes cute lovely quite loud today I'm
gonna do something really fun I am going
to cut off all her hair because because
we played a little twosome there and she
lost a bet and now we're gonna cut her
hair
did I ever cut hair before I never do
it's full I did but wouldn't it go like
I'm very nervous
okay I'm going for the Rihanna look okay
okay right oh she means growing their
hair for like years how long my hair is
not even like no I'm good longer is good
and give me longer than mine no one
would ever come in here everything I
have is that that's all right so let's
just start chopping all this off so I
can how short do you want your here you
know what you don't have nothing to say
but I'm gonna give it like everything
about with you ever again my I obviously
wish oh my gosh years and years and
years of
just stop chop up because diamond doll
is the rise oh my gosh this is not even
short years and years of playing that's
parts of the little boys know you're
crazy
years and years and this is a real here
people or we like right now oh my god
okay okay
totally this is nothing I'm not even
done yet
are we or Susie I never done right now
no we're not organized to still the
style no I'm not buying me make sure all
the others let me go be animal is no
let's leave this fool rule I just
thought
wait it's good a school rule that just
got raped
just joking for real okay okay okay okay
not bad for it we're good okay but now
let me make it like later no we're fine
[Music]
we're done now I'm finished okay thank
you everybody
okay wigs all guys teachers cleared
perfect
[Music]
no I'm gonna let her chop half of my
hair up
who's this game but yes I am now I can
do hair so whoever wants me to cut your
hair I can do it cute you know make it
stylish because she's nude chickens
[Music]